That kid ran away
Yo, this is a mess
These young couple still have time to fight in the field here
Bah go
Write how
Really written
Aren't we filming?
What to shoot
It looks like the little Thor of the Red Gang.
Red Gang Little Thor
Did I enter the double male script?
If I had traveled through the script of the duo
So...
Now I should be the singer of Paramount
And Lei Fan and An Hong
Will really bleed for me
Do you know me?
This is you Bellamont women
The way to seduce men?
Miss Lu, Master Anda, please go to the private room
Here we go again.
Sure enough!
You are different from this mediocre fan in Paramount
There are also things that have not been ordered.
Mr. An didn't like it anymore
I'm just a part of this rolling red dust
That's a drop in the ocean.
Then please call the lady by her name.
Euler
Master An doesn't know me?
I didn't have the opportunity to see the lady before
It seems that this worldview is decoration and not decoration
Bitch fair An Shao